AAP-32980-A Enhance docs re: the management of maximum running activations (#2602)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/eda/con-modifying-simultaneous-activations.adoc

= Modifying the number of simultaneous rulebook activations 

[role="_abstract"]
By default, {EDAcontroller} allows 12 rulebook activations per node. For example, with two worker or hybrid nodes, it results in a limit of 24 activations in total to run simultaneously.
If more than 24 rulebook activations are created, the expected behavior is that subsequent rulebook activations wait until there is an available rulebook activation worker.
In this case, the rulebook activation status is displayed as *Pending* even if there is enough free memory and CPU on your {EDAcontroller} instance.
To change this behavior, you must change the default maximum number of running rulebook activations.

[NOTE]
====
* The value for `MAX_RUNNING_ACTIVATIONS` does not change when you modify the instance size, so it needs to be adjusted manually.

> * If you are installing {EDAName} on {OCPShort}, the 12 rulebook activations per node is a global value since there is no concept of worker nodes when installing {EDAName} on {OCPShort}. For more information, see link:{URLOperatorInstallation}/operator-install-planning#modifying_the_number_of_simultaneous_rulebook_activations_during_or_after_event_driven_ansible_controller_installation[Modifying the number of simultaneous rulebook activations during or after {EDAcontroller} installation] in link:{LinkOperatorInstallation}.

Author: @Alex-Izquierdo - Added information about OCP here in the [Using automation decisions guide](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_ansible_automation_platform/2.5/html-single/using_automation_decisions/index) (formerly EDA controller user guide) in the [Modifying the number of simultaneous rulebook activations](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_ansible_automation_platform/2.5/html-single/using_automation_decisions/index#modifying-simultaneous-activations) chapter, per your request in earlier comments.

= Modifying the number of simultaneous rulebook activations 

[role="_abstract"]

> By default, {EDAcontroller} allows 12 rulebook activations per node (with two worker or hybrid nodes), resulting in a limit of 24 activations in total, to run simultaneously.

Reviewer: Maybe this phrase is not correct? I mean, "By default, {EDAcontroller} allows 12 rulebook activations" is correct. The rest is an example with 2 nodes, I'm not sure if its clear, since the number of nodes is chosen by the customer. 

What about:
```suggestion
By default, {EDAcontroller} allows 12 rulebook activations per node. For example, with two worker or hybrid nodes, it results in a limit of 24 activations in total, to run simultaneously.
```

Reviewer: This PR does not address the third point of the ticket:
``` A clarification that EDA_MAX_RUNNING_ACTIVATIONS for OCP is a global value since there is no concept of worker nodes in OCP. ```

We need to empathize at some place that max_running_activations behaves differently in OCP and VM's. 
In VM's is what is described, a value per node. In OCP is a global value since in OCP there are no concept of worker nodes. 

VM's:  the limit is the value * number of nodes
OCP: the limit is the value. 

I suggest something like:
```suggestion
By default, {EDAcontroller} allows 12 rulebook activations running at the same time. In case of OCP this is a global limit for the application, in case of installation based on nodes, it is a limit per node. For example, with two worker or hybrid nodes the default limits results in a limit of 24 activations in total. 
```

Author: Hi @Alex-Izquierdo. The notes in the jira specified adding the part about OCP in the **Installing on OCP guide** below. So I added it under a discrete heading in the installation scenarios chapter of that guide. The section above is actually in the Performance tuning chapter of the **Using automation decisions guide**.

Author: @Alex-Izquierdo - after your comments in the OCP section, I can add a note here in the Using automation decisions guide to alert people who are installing EDA on OCP. Will ping you when the note is complete.
